Javascript Foundations

Function Basics:
    Assignment:
    #Write a function called add7 that takes one number and returns that number + 7.
        function add7 (a, ) {return a+7;}
    #Write a function called multiply that takes 2 numbers and returns their product.
        function multiply (a, b) {return a*b;}
    #Write a function called capitalize that takes a string and returns that string with only the first letter capitalized. Make sure that it can take strings that are lowercase, UPPERCASE or BoTh.
        function capitalize (String) {return String.toUpperCase(atposition(0)) + String.toLowerCase(slice(2))}
    #Write a function called lastLetter that takes a string and returns the very last letter of that string:
        lastLetter("abcd") should return "d"
        function lastLetter (y) {return String(y).at(-1)}

    Knowledge Check
        What are functions useful for?
            To enable the creation of reusable blocks of code that can be called wherever needed.
        How do you invoke a function?
            Including the name of the function in the code followed by (arg)
        What are anonymous functions?
            Anonymous functions are functions with no names. Often expect to receive another function as a parameter
        What is function scope?
            Scope = current context of execution in which values and functions can be referenced
                3 types:
                Global - visible anywhere within the script
                Module - only visible for code running specific module types
                Function - created and visible within a function
        What are return values?
            Return values are values a function returns when it completes
        What are arrow functions?
            Arrow functions are a syntax for creating functions.
            Ex. Let func = (arg1, arg2, ...) => expression; 
                It passes the arg to the expression on the right and returns the results
        What is the difference between a function declaration and a function expression?
            Function declaration:
                Declared as a separate statement in the main code and is Global
            Function Expression:
                Created inside an expression or another syntax and is created and usable only when the execution reaches it and beyond
            